nixos/ferretdb: init (#231138)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2311.section.md

- [Honk](https://humungus.tedunangst.com/r/honk), a complete ActivityPub server with minimal setup and support costs.
  Available as [services.honk](#opt-services.honk.enable).

> - [ferretdb](https://www.ferretdb.io/), a truly Open Source MongoDB alternative, built on Postgres. Available as [services.ferretdb](options.html#opt-services.ferretdb.enable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ferretdb](https://www.ferretdb.io/), an open-source proxy, converting the MongoDB 6.0+ wire protocol queries to PostgreSQL or SQLite. Available as [services.ferretdb](options.html#opt-services.ferretdb.enable).
```

Reviewer: (we prefer technically accurate descriptions, instead of marketing slogans)
